Updates for several releases and issues (#1179)
minio/docs: source/administration/server-side-encryption/server-side-encryption-sse-c.rst

Considerations
--------------

SSE-C with Replication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionchanged:: Server RELEASE.2024-03-30T09-41-56Z

>    Objects encrypted with SSE-C can generally now replicate under both site replication or bucket replication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Objects encrypted with SSE-C can replicate through both site replication or bucket replication.
```
